all right folks welcome back so this
lesson is going to be a little bit
shorter more direct to the point and
we'll be looking at some
examples since I showed you uh what
we're looking for on Tuesday night so
Wednesday's trading and Thursday's
trading we'll take a look at
that all right first up is the EM mini
S&P March delivery contract for
2022 Wednesday January 26th once you
take a look at this low over here okay
and don't just use my charts you want to
look at your charts and go through it
from your platform your broker whatever
feed that you're
using this is trading view it's a free
charting package when it's end of data
but if you want to have real time I
think I'm paying $4 a month for the data
it's not really expensive but you want
to have the low over
here on Wednesday the 26th and you'll
see why I picked that low there
because it's the low okay and then this
is the high so we have this price run
from this low to this High that's our
range so you want to drop your FIB on
that now get your equilibrium price
point
so as the highs we're r
through we have that run up the market
gets pushed into a premium it's really
expensive and then we want to wait to
see does it break down below the old
high it does but does it create a fair
value Gap in here no then it rallies one
more
time then breaks down
again inside here there's a break-in
Market
structure we see it here
then it runs back up into the fair B Gap
here and then sells off reaching
into this old
low which would be
below the equilibrium price point of
this entire range or 50% level on the
FIB okay put some lipstick on this again
here's the low and the high equilibrium
which is a 50 level and the 50 Bach so
we're looking for a low or an imbalance
below this level okay so we have a swing
low here we have an imbalance here that
could be a Target notice how we hit it
there and came off of it more pronounced
low
here and draws down into that so inside
this shaded Blue Area we're going to
take a closer look at the
details okay we're zoomed in a little
bit again still on a 2-minute
chart previous High short-term high and
8:30 in the morning that starts the hunt
basically that's what 8:30 in the
morning is to me so we're looking for an
old high to be violated it does so
here then it breaks there's a break-in
Market
structure swing low this candle over
here that sets the stage now you have a
opportunity does price draw back up into
the fair value Gap after this candle
breaks below here and giving you a
bearish market structure shift yes it
trades up in the ne value Gap you can go
short there and again you could Target
this old low here or that low that was
annotated before we zoomed in and look
at the beautiful delivery there so
hypothetical short from here and
hypothetical cover here you would log
that in your study Journal don't use my
examples here alone go into your own
charts and an them as
well so shorting around we'll
say
4419 and covering
at we'll say
4382 just to
be you know not perfect that's the
opportunity of the range but you don't
have to have all of that it's still very
very nice delivery based on the logic I
taught you on Tuesday and the first
lesson on the previous week's Friday
again there's that fair Val you
got and that's your candle that would be
considered as a ideal
entry and the discount hold low as a
Target right there so your charts would
look just like this in any open space
like over here you would just type in
whatever important factors that you
found insightful about this example how
long did it take okay how long did it
take from the market structure shift
occurr ing how much time did it take to
get up into the fair value capap that's
real important how long did it take
before it went from your entry down to
your Target in
time how much heat or Draw down would
you have weathered getting
short now if you used this candle's high
as your entry point you technically
could have got filled
here but in here I want to teach you to
look at the total range available and in
hindsight okay because it gives you a
framework to look for how these examples
while they're not exactly the same they
don't repeat exactly photocopy of every
single previous instance of it there's a
lot of similarities that you'll find
that are reoccurring and that's the
important factor to train your eye to
see it remember the analogy I gave you
on Tuesday night about the deer track
and being a hunter you have to know what
a deer track looks like you have to know
what a deer track is to stalk it
effectively well this is your pattern
and setup so you need to go in looking
for it so it reinforces the idea that
you know what it looks
like all right we're looking at the e-
mini nasac futures for Thursday January
27th 2022 this is a 5 minute chart this
is the time frame you start with and you
work down okay so on the 5 minute right
away we can see the low to the high and
we're looking
for a high and go back in time in your
chart
and you'll find what this is here but
you have these relative equal highs as
well so that could have been a initial
objective looking for these relative
equal highs to be taken out and does it
break down and give you a fair value Gap
no it doesn't so it wouldn't even meet
the criteria there I know some of you
might be looking say well how do you
know it doesn't get you on a trade here
listen to the rules I gave you they're
very specific and that's what I'm
walking you through here that way you
can see it's kind of allowing the market
or really forcing the market to show you
its hand and once it does that then you
can go in and act accordingly but you
have to wait for the setup you can't
force it you can't think it's there it's
there or it's not so we have old High
Here by liquidity resting above that and
we have a run above it once it goes
above here doesn't go above it and break
down and then go down below that
short-term low there no it goes higher
so we just keep waiting for a break
lower to get a shift in the market
structure on an intraday basis so we
have a swing low
here it trades down through it on this
candle here so right away at that moment
on this candle soon as this candle
trades through it you now have an
opportunity then you go back into the
high to that candle low and do you see a
fair value Gap it's right
there okay this Market rallies back up
trades into it here you can be a short
seller there and the market breaks down
one more time ret trades back into it
and reaches below the equilibrium price
point he has a couple targets here you
could be
here here or in the inbalance and it
hits all of them and goes a little bit
further
lower all right so that was quick and
hopefully painless and again we're
looking at internal range liquidity and
Market structure shifts intraday my
advice is for you to go back through
more data use the weekend that's coming
and acquire more of those examples so
that way you can include them in your
study Journal next week I'll work on
targeting refinement and entries until
I'll talk to you then enjoy your weekend
and be safe